What is the bridge looking at?
Mr. Feng, I didn't see anything
Didn't see anything
I recruited you as a student
Not for you to see this
What time is it?
Hurry up and take out Master Fang's baby!
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
What are you waiting for?
When I make money, I will definitely let you hand over the house
Sister, I already said that this kid can't do it
You said you were looking for an apprentice, not a smarter one
At least you are an antique guy, shut up
Where did I get your money?
Buy these famous brands
Me?
I bought the antique certificate myself
That sister will come later
Can we go first?
No, you stay with me
Oh, Mr. Feng
This is what Master Fang is preparing
The baby participating in the national treasure competition
It's beautiful.
Beautiful is beautiful
Too bad it's fake
What? How could that be fake?
That jade screen?
One without pulp
No skin
Even the cyan is artificially dyed
And the Nayinae line.
Obvious machine marks
How can Young Master Yi Yanqiang Fang say that he is also an industry boss?
Why would you take a counterfeit to the competition?
I guess I was deceived.
Talk to him later
No, I can't let them find out about my bag.
I have to figure something out.
Where's my little baby?
Ah, little Fang
Hey, there it is.
Xiaoliang, hurry up and give it to Fang Shao, okay?
Hey.
Qiao Lian, what are you doing? I'm sorry, Young Master Fang.
I didn't mean to.
Why is this bottle suddenly so slippery?
But don't worry about that.
This thing is fake
It's fake, it's Fang Shao
It's really fake.
I also want to tell you
You listen to this thing is real or fake
I went here but I spent 10 million to escape
It's for me to participate in the Hangzhou National Treasure Competition
Ah, sorry.
Second young master, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I didn't mean to be sorry, fuck you.
Ahhh
Ah!
I'm going to see you.
This happened in your store.
It has nothing to do with me
So you come up with another solution.
So be it.
Find me one.
How about the exact same bottle?
Otherwise
Don't even think about opening this store anymore, right?
Are you a liar?
Where can I find you the exact same one?
Hahaha, this has nothing to do with me.
Oh, right.
I remember you seem to have a treasure in town, right?
I think that's a good one.
So I'll come and pick it up tomorrow.
If you can't see him
I'll take your store
It's all smashed
Don't play tricks
Uh-huh.